# BIG-O SOFT &mdash; TIMED BLOCKCHAIN TEST

## Documentation

Extensive commenting has been done for the contract as well as the tests for the contract in JavaScript. Please raed those to understand my choices of:

- Data structures
- Algorithms
- Space and time complexity trade-offs
- Gas efficiency decisions
- Code readability decisions

## Testing

Please go to `/test/Lottery.js` for finding unit tests. Due to the time constraints, I only generated tests for one, single
function. The rest of the tests are also the same, and they can be implemented pretty much with copy-paste process (almost).

## Smart Contract

Please navigate to the `contracts/Lottery.sol` file. That is our smart contract containing the main code.

# How to run the tests?

Go ahead and install the complete setup for Hardhat in your computer. Once done, give the following command: `npx hardhat test/Lottery.js` which will run your unit tests using `Chai.js` library for asserting positive test cases as well as the negative test cases. These are the following tests which I wrote and they are passing (copy-pasted from the terminal window afer successful execution of the tests):

1. buyTicket( ... )
   
   ✔ successfully allows for ticket purchase if everything goes right (112ms)
   
   ✔ successfully emits an event when you buy a lottery ticket (79ms)
   
   ✔ successfully updates the contractBalance after ticket purchase (66ms)
   
   ✔ successfully updates user count during ticket purchase (80ms)
   
   ✔ fails to allow ticket purchase with insufficient ethers (105ms)
   
   ✔ fails to allow more than one tickets to be purchased (101ms)
   
   ✔ fails to allow ticket purchase after lottery time is over (143ms)

`WHAT'S WRITTEN ABOVE WAS GENERATED BY CHAI.JS IN THE LINUX CONSOLE.`
